uri,label
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ERO_0000012,Service Provider Role
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ERO_0000224,Funding Role
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ERO_0000225,Educator Role
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ERO_0000776,US Resident Role
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ERO_0000783,Student Role
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ERO_0000787,Employee Role
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000017,Regulatory Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#AdministratorRole,Administrator Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#AdviseeRole,Advisee Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#AdvisorRole,Advisor Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#AttendeeRole,Attendee Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#ClinicalRole,Clinical Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#EditorRole,Editor Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#LeaderRole,Leader Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#MemberRole,Member Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#OrganizerRole,Organizer Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#OutreachProviderRole,Outreach Provider Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#PresenterRole,Presenter Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#ResearcherRole,Researcher Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#ReviewerRole,Reviewer Role
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#TeacherRole,Teacher Role
